For each of the following, indicate the best question type to use and why.

    Age
    Gender
    Income
    Opinions about dish soap
    Brand of dish soap used
    Preference for dish soap brand (Cleany, Sudsy, DeGreaser, Pinesoft)
    Positive vs negative feelings about dish soap

Age :
   - write in:
       if you want the exact age.
   - multiple choice chose one:
     ex: 0-18,19-25,26-45,
Gender:
    multiple choice choose one
    male,female,non-binary,other,etc
 
Income:
     write in (exact)
     multiple choice, chose one (binning)
     constant sum  (distribution of incomes)

Opinions about dish soap:
    write in:
        for raw feedback
    ranking:
        for brand types, characteristics
        
Preference for dishsoap brand:
    write in - (exact)
    ranking - (multiple soaps)
    multiple choice::chose one/chose many - 
    
Positive vs Negative feelings about dishsoap:
    true false
    rating
    ranking
    
    
    
Find the Flaw
    
   1. Do you trust the mainstream media to put the interests of Americans first?
    s/b two questions 
        1.Should the media put the interest of americans first
        2.Do you trust the media to do that
    
   2. Do you feel that the media is too eager to slur conservatives with baseless accusations of racism and sexism?
       This assumes you agree that the media slurs GOP with baseless...
       This could be two questions:
       1. Does the media slur /baseless...
       2. Are they too quick to do it
   
   3. Do you believe the media fails to report on Democrats’ scandals?
       A less bias way of asking could be:
       "Do you believe that the media reports scandals of dems and republicans evenly"
       -or-
       "Which party's scandals does the media fail report on"
       
   4. Do you believe that the media purposely tries to divide Republicans in order to help elect Democrats?
       "which party to you believe the media /helps...?"
       
   5. Do you believe that the media holds Democrats to a different standard than Republicans?
        Does the media hold both parties to the same standard